Create participating.md (#13)
adafruit/adafruit-circuitpython-weekly-meeting: participating.md

# Participating in the CircuitPython weekly meeting

Anyone is welcome to participate in the CircuitPython weekly meeting. Please
read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/adafruit-circuitpython-weekly-meeting/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
before participating to help this project stay welcoming.

The meeting is held in the English language and usually lasts between 60 and 90
minutes.  If you can only attend part of the meeting, that's absolutely fine.

To participate in the meeting, or just attend it live as a listener, join us on
the [Adafruit Discord](https://adafru.it/discord). There is a _#circuitpython_
text channel and a _#circuitpython_ voice channel.

The text from the text channel and the audio from the voice channel are
recorded and uploaded to YouTube and podcast services. Please keep this in
mind if you plan to participate.

> Before speaking in the meeting, ask any Community Moderator to add you to the
> _@CircuitPythonistas_ role. In this role, you will receive a small number of

Reviewer: It occurs to me that we should reword this to indicate that being added to the role is **required** for speaking. Note that the role is also not camel cased.

```suggestion
If you wish to speak in the meeting, you must ask any Community Moderator to add you to the
_@circuitpythonistas_ role. In this role, you will receive a small number of
```

notifications each week, almost always related to the meeting. You can mute
these notifications or request to leave the role anytime you like.

While we love to hear the voices of everyone in the community, we also
understand that it doesn't always work out to speak during the
meeting—whether you don't have a microphone, are in a noisy environment, are
simply uncomfortable speaking, or for any other reason—so the host will

> read those notes aloud 

Reviewer: Missing period.

We encourage you to listen to a meeting or two before participating, so that
you know better what to expect. You can watch old meetings [on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvo-seDO4yk&list=PLjF7R1fz_OOUvw7tMv45xjWp0ht8yNgg0)
or listen to them on podcast services. 

> # Meeting Section

Reviewer: Probably "Secctions" is better as it references multiple.

Status Updates, please put your notes in alphabetical order, starting with your
Discord handle.

If the host should read your notes, indicate that next to your name, such as:

> @foamyguy (lurking)

> @tannewt (missing meeting)

If you're going to be speaking and don't have time before the meeting to enter
your notes, at least add your Discord handle as a placeholder so that the
host knows to let you have your turn. If for some reason even that's not
possible, ask in the text chat for someone else to add it for you.

Your notes can be terse (they don't have to be full english sentences and
paragraphs) but if the host is going to be reading them make sure they
have enough context that what they say will make sense.

# During the meeting

Join a few minutes before the meeting if you want to check that your audio is working.

Please give the host a few minutes after the start of the hour to arrive.
The Discord meeting starts immediately after an internal Adafruit meeting.

When not actively speaking, please mute your microphone.

In the sections where you will participate, be attentive to the order of the
meeting so that you're ready to un-mute and speak when called on.

> If the host accidentally skips you, place a note in the text chat to make
> them aware of it.

Reviewer: Consider rewording this a bit. It might be a little unclear as is. My wording might not be the best either, but it's an idea.

```suggestion
If the host accidentally skips you,  please send a note in the Discord text chat to make
them aware of it.
```

## In The Weeds

In The Weeds topics are discussed in the order they appear in the notes document.

> If you've brought an In The Weeds topic, you will introduce it and then anyone

Reviewer: I think clarify here:
```suggestion
If you've brought an In The Weeds topic, the host will introduce you, and you may introduce the topic. Then anyone
```

who is interested in the discussion can unmute and speak freely, or participate
in the text chat as they prefer. At the end of the discussion, anyone who is
going to take action will state so clearly, such as "I will add additional
information to the relevant Issue", "I will fix the bug using the approach we
selected", etc. The person who brought the In The Weeds topic will also
briefly summarise the discussion in the notes document. Please do this
promptly, as the host has to finalize the notes document and upload it to

> github shortly after the meeting concludes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub shortly after the meeting concludes.
```

# Participating in the CircuitPython weekly meeting

Anyone is welcome to participate in the CircuitPython weekly meeting. Please
read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/adafruit-circuitpython-weekly-meeting/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
before participating to help this project stay welcoming.

The meeting is held in the English language and usually lasts between 60 and 90
minutes.  If you can only attend part of the meeting, that's absolutely fine.

To participate in the meeting, or just attend it live as a listener, join us on
the [Adafruit Discord](https://adafru.it/discord). There is a _#CircuitPython_

> text channel and a _#CircuitPython_ voice channel.

Reviewer: The channel name is not camel cased. It should be _#circuitpython_.

The text from the text channel and the audio from the voice channel are
recorded and uploaded to YouTube and podcast services. Please keep this in
mind if you plan to participate.

Before speaking in the meeting, ask any Community Moderator to add you to the
_@CircuitPythonistas_ role. In this role, you will receive a small number of
notifications each week, almost always related to the meeting. You can mute
these notifications or request to leave the role anytime you like.

While we love to hear the voices of everyone in the community, we also
understand that it doesn't always work out to speak during the
meeting—whether you don't have a microphone, are in a noisy environment, are

> simply uncomfortable speaking, or for any other reason—so the moderator will

Reviewer: Consider using "host" instead of "moderator". Same applies for all other uses of "moderator", with the obvious exception of the "Community Moderator" reference.

Author: would you believe I could not remember the word "host"?

Reviewer: Entirely! 😂

read those notes aloud 

We encourage you to listen to a meeting or two before participating, so that
you know better what to expect. You can watch old meetings [on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvo-seDO4yk&list=PLjF7R1fz_OOUvw7tMv45xjWp0ht8yNgg0)
or listen to them on podcast services. 

> # Parts of the meeting

Reviewer: This seems awkward. Perhaps "Meeting Sections"?

## In The Weeds

In The Weeds is a section for any longer discussion. Often it's to solicit
community ideas or to find consensus on how to approach an issue. 

> Issue with native busdevice
>
> * See hxxps://github.com/adafruit/circuitpython/issues/4109
>   * Initially filed against LIS3DH library
> * The issue is resolved if native BusDevice is not used.
> * Can also resolve by building with LONGINT_IMPL = MPZ
>   * But then it won’t fit in Flash unless something else is removed.

# Before the meeting

Remember to [check the meeting calendar](https://open-web-calendar.herokuapp.com/calendar.html?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fadafruit%2Fadafruit-circuitpython-weekly-meeting%2Fmaster%2Fmeeting.ical&title=CicuitPython%20Weekly%20Meeting%20Schedule&tab=agenda&tabs=month&tabs=agenda).
The meeting is usually every Monday at 1PM [US Eastern Time (UTC-0400 or UTC-0500)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eastern_Time_Zone),
but we sometimes change the schedule for US holidays and other special events.
If you're outside the US remember that the dates for the start and end of your
"summer" time may differ from the rule followed in the US.

> Each meeting is accompanied by a notes document in google docs. You can find

Reviewer: "Google Docs" should be capitalised.

meeting is concluded.

If you plan to give Hug Reports, Status Updates, or have an issue to discuss In
The Weeds, you can update the notes doc at any time. For Hug Reports and
Status Updates, please put your notes in alphabetical order, starting with your
Discord handle.

If the moderator should read your notes, indicate that next to your name, such as:

> @foamyguy (lurking)

> @tannewt (missing meeting)

If you're going to be speaking and don't have time before the meeting to enter
your notes, at least add your Discord handle as a placeholder so that the
moderator knows to let you have your turn. If for some reason even that's not
possible, ask in the text chat for someone else to add it for you.

Your notes can be terse (they don't have to be full english sentences and
paragraphs) but if the moderator is going to be reading them make sure they
have enough context that what they say will make sense.

# During the meeting

Join a few minutes before the meeting if you want to check that your audio is working.

Please give the moderator a few minutes after the start of the hour to arrive.
The Discord meeting starts after an internal Adafruit meeting which often goes

> slightly over its alloted time.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to simply say "The Discord meeting starts after an internal Adafruit meeting." If you wish to keep the full sentence, "allotted" has two t's as well.
